Welcome to Draw Tip Tuesday!
No inspiration? Take a look at you wardrobe.
You may find interesting stuff that you can
draw. For example, make a fun pattern of the
shoes you have, or draw the kind of shoes
that you’d like to have. You could make
a pattern of bags, coats, accessories… you
name it. Take a peek into your wardrobe and
you can get lots of ideas for a whole series
of patterns.
Use a pencil to draw a thin frame first, so
you’ll know where your pattern needs to
fit in. Now, go ahead and draw shoes! You
can make the shapes as simple or as complicated
as you want, add little details like stitches
or laces and bows.
Fill the frame completely, fitting the shapes
cleverly like pieces of a puzzle. Once you
filled your frame, pick up a water resistant
pen - I’m using this uniball pen.
Make sure the ink has dried before erasing
the pencil lines.
Get your watercolors out, plus water and a
brush, and start coloring! No need to stay
perfectly inside of the lines. Actually, coloring
a little sloppy can give a great and playful
effect. Pick up enough paint to get vibrant
colors. Make a fun mix of color layout - divide
colors evenly - by that I mean don’t give
two shoes next to each other the same color
- try to bring some balance.
Now dive into your wardrobe and see what you
can draw today!
Thank you for watching this video. If you
want to learn more, head on over to my website
koosjekoene.nl and sign up for one of my classes
today